[Music]
for every episode when one of us was
left abandoned for 24 hours in a foreign
city with no money we always get
comments like this honestly if I did
this I would probably starve myself for
the whole day and live off samples
because I'm too shy so today we wanted
to challenge that notion to prove to you
that no matter how introverted or shy
you think you may be or what it takes is
just taking the risk and putting
yourself out there meat titty or TD
Thomas Dyer Matt's younger brother who
came for summer internship two years ago
and he's now been editing our videos
ever since but unlike us titty is an
introvert which basically means that he
easily gets drained by interactions with
big groups of people and gets his energy
from more calm environments so without
him knowing during our trip to Thailand
we wanted to challenge him to be
abandoned in Bangkok with no money for
24 hours while only relying on the
kindness of strangers
to find food and housing out of all
these episodes which one that you just
not want to do I would never answer that
question I know that's what make me do
so oh man I really hated Matt's blind
date Italy yeah don't try to act smart
we're gonna make he's gonna even like
I'm just throwing curveballs can't
really tell which one I hate the most
which one you day you just not want to
do
rather you were gonna kill it to make it
fun of it you like if I ever had to do
it I would murder it I was not really
confident behind computer like editing
of the news to one city tomorrow morning
you're gonna be abandoned in Bangkok
Thailand increased such an advantage
like you've heard every way it's been
done you have the most data points on
what working speech in a way you've
never seen I sleep next to TV and he
used tossing and turning all night he
literally had a nightmare about getting
lost really ya know
had a lot of anxiety over the last 12
hours if I'm lost were there no tourists
and everyone is being tied force myself
into a positive mindset do this this is
the first introvert to go do an abandon
in now like right now I'm hyped but I
know like in an hour and so you've been
talking to one person at a party oh my
gosh all right Bernice what pieces of
advice are you giving a first-timer here
number one is advice please don't get
kidnapped otherwise mom's gonna kill me
nice
that's like a warning when in doubt put
your dumbest biggest smile your face
what's up there do remember that the
energy that you project is the one that
they will receive knowing coming from
someone who is usually very awkward
that's what they will feel or who's
telling me not to be awkward we have two
defining features of Who I am so getting
you a cab to the busiest backpackers
Street and that's where you should start
that's the last money you will have
access to today okay love you dude all
right
right now it is 10:41 hiding all my
anxiety with jokes humor if i crack
couple good ones in this episode no it
has just hidden fear
[Music]
thank you
just got out of the taxi and almost
instantaneously realize how being hot it
is here I'm gonna get really tired
really fast just got the cows on the
road and I just sat down at a random
restaurant who probably think of an
order but obviously I can't
well the story mark yeah you can say
that again
let me clarify a few things here the
other guys Matt Thomas tomorrow they're
all extroverts means they feed off of
energy from other people I'm an
interpreter editing make my little
references and that's where I'm like the
most comfortable and talking to new
people just totally exhaust me so for
all you introverts watching going
through this for you because I know
that's possible even though it's really
difficult and really gives me a lot of
anxiety but I just want to show that
it's not only extroverts you get to
spontaneously go out and talk to
strangers and like become friends in
five seconds Ammar and now once you let
down your wall and people see who you
are that bill really next with you in a
whole different level so breakfast first
my friends challenged me today to go a
full day and Bangkok no money no
resources see if I could survive right
now starting the correct day so there's
anyway you can give me like a 135 muscle
or something that would be awesome if I
don't know where you think you did wow
this guy
breakfast what sounds good to you man
just want to be good brought that one
sir do some scrambled eggs yeah what's
her name George Thomas Thomas you have a
wonderful day yeah you see my watch
alright that was fast I saw a guy
wearing in California and that's amore
is from said
next thing I know he's getting me
breakfast
damn that salty since the water in town
is not drinkable it's gonna be pretty
hard finding water I just finished up
this town to go to which I feel will
have tours so I can ask for lunch and
water and look at the sights and is good
[Music]
so I just ran into two people from
Quebec keep out posted right now we're
going to a temple to can check it out
it's nice to not be alone for 15 minutes
[Music]
[Applause]
pretty damn anxious to be on the street
with not getting kidnapped
the audio on this fantastic I think it
might have been in the state to walk an
hour for a ball
I know what I was thinking there and the
anxiety is fueling more tiredness only
408 I still need to find lunch dinner in
a place to say la garden I thought it'd
be all right I'm inside the mall nice AC
and then six hours I'm hearing a whole
lot of English
[Music]
and my friends challenge to survive for
24 hours
think about any money
breakfast lunch and dinner places leader
there's any way defending small ones you
know get don't up
eternally grateful if not no worries
thank you so much what's your name baby
I'm Thomas nice to meet you where you
found loving this give me some energy to
keep going and I guess America isn't the
only place that runs on Dunkin I'm alone
[Music]
right now something really interesting
is happening psychologically that has
almost never happened to me before where
I either let the fear of not finding a
place again take over and anxiety just
paralyzed me from doing anything or I
just overcrowd that with excitement of
beating new people and having just the
most awesome night and almost
overwhelming that fear with love and not
see it as a punishment to see that
opportunity to meet new people make this
the most awesome night ever
I might have to implement a Mars crazy
smile energy to get that last one whoops
oh dude it's like the nitrous in Mario
Kart it only lasts so long but when it
does last it's effective
oh cool okay friends challenge me to
live without any money alright I think
they took my wallet away this morning
look if we're just to have some look
badass tonight with people yeah are you
guys down you guys have an beer do you
have the hostile officer any way that I
can stay at yours tonight I don't think
there'll be any time to make right now
let me find someone to let me stay at
their dinner yeah you don't know what it
is I'm gonna surprise you my surprise
more suitable right here okay what do
you want how much for one scorpion
[Music]
how does that feel yeah that's great
yeah nothing happened today I went out
none of then we're gonna house me so I
had to leave them to find something else
ain't thing at this fast otherwise I'll
be asking people like Karina Morin
thinking how's me and who would say yes
stranger coming to their house in the
morning for hours on the ground
[Music]
breakfast lunch and dinner
all right he's been gone for about seven
or eight hours now I've never felt that
worried we've done some gnarly [ __ ] but
I've never been more worried about one
of us viewing an adventure he's either
struggling so hard or he's just gotten
so like oh he's found somebody
if he hasn't by now who's maybe in deep
trouble
so tired ass
long
all right so right now I'm wandering
into uncharted territories every time
they've done it in the past I managed to
get a place like before 11 p.m.
right now it's 12:30 so it's bad whew I
could survive just an 80
it's gonna be hard that's the strangers
I can't offer the same energy as I had
before exhaust would add like the floor
yes
so have a floor you sleep on to spend
the next hours no worries have a good
night at this point you're probably
thinking he's screwed sitting on a
random Street in Bangkok at 2:00 in the
morning it's almost impossible he finds
the place almost I remember those girls
no not those ones not those ones either
these girls well after I left this group
these guys told them about what I was
trying to do and four hours later they
suddenly walked by me and remembered who
I was so how did you hear about the
challenge my main thing is just the
place to stay the night do you want to
come and why are you sure that people
are kind and that people were
spontaneous and like wow I mean we are
really kind but our across the ocean no
no that's how it's been for the past
couple hours is people saying yes but
saying that they can't because of their
hostel how's your night then friends
there so you can just
yeah thank you I know I did not see this
coming
I'm so happy right now all right so I
successfully got to sleep after just the
craziest turn of events that I did not
see coming where I thought I was gonna
sleep on the sidewalk and I ended up
just running into these this group of
really awesome young people and that
just took me in and when they come to
sleep here so place to sleep check
[Music]
morning all the best thank you and well
challenge done babies probably the most
amount of people I've talked to you in
such a short amount of time
all you introverts out there you'd be
surprised what you can do because blow
your mind sometimes I knew what's going
on guys thank you for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed watching titty
suffer a little bit for the first time
this video was expose to buy Skillshare
which is a service we can learn new
skills online such as design arts
filmmaking photography it is over 17,000
classes from experts around the world
I've actually been using this little
show to improve my skills in graphic
design that are extremely poor and
skilled sure is actually a great place
to get started if you're trying to learn
something new so if you're interested in
learning a new skill click the link
below the first 500 people that sign up
getting in the first two months for free
also if you sign up to this trial in the
past or plan on signing up to the
service and you don't keep using it
after a while make sure you cancel your
membership because it automatically
reduces it for a year now if you want to
learn a new skill and be part of the
first 500 people to get the first two
months for free make sure you click the
link below we'll see you next week
[Applause]
[Music]